=About extension=

In a SPA (single-page-application) the need replacing the group of DOM elements with another set is very common. 

For example: 
  * Replacing toolbar with inline form.
  * Showing detail of a item on selection on top of item list etc.

virtualpages extension is aimed to help you in such cases.

==What it does?==

It provides API (pushVirtualPage and popVirtualPage).

==How do you use it?==

Consider your HTML toolbar to be structured as below:
{{{
<div class="toolbar">
	<ul class="menu">
		<li class="actionitem">
			<a href="javascript:;" data-action="create">Create</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
</div>
}}}
On click of Create you will want to show (which gets created on the fly):
{{{
<div class="formitem">
	<form class="createform">
		<input type="text">
		<button>Save</button>
		<button data-action="cancel">Cancel</button>
	</form>
</div>
}}}

===Suggested approach:===

Modify HTML toolbar structure to group the nodes into default virtualpage.
{{{
<div class="toolbar">
	<div class="virtualpage"> // <!-- Add this wrapper -->
		<ul class="menu">
			<li class="actionitem">
				<a href="javascript:;" data-action="create">Create</a>
			</li>
		</ul>
	</div>
</div>
}}}

{{{
/* Registering the Create click event - use your preferred way */
$('[data-action="create"]', $('.toolbar')).click(function(e) {
	e.preventDefault();
	
	var target = $(e.currentTarget);
	var toolbar= target.closest('.toolbar');
	
	// Creates a new virtualpage div and hides all others.	
	var newPage= toolbar.pushVirtualPage(); 
	
	/* Use templating like jqote etc… */
	var newUI  = $('<div class="formitem">' +
		'<form class="createform">' +
		'	<input type="text">'  +
		'	<button>Save</button>'+
		'	<button data-action="cancel">Cancel</button>'+
		'</form>'+
		'</div>');
		
	newPage.append(newUI);
	
	/* Setup Cancel action - use of popVirtualPage */
	$('[data-action="cancel"]', newUI).click(function(e) {
		e.preventDefault();
		toolbar.popVirtualPage(); // toolbar refers to variable in the outer context.
	});	
});

}}}

_Final DOM would look like:_
{{{
<div class="toolbar virtualpages">
	<div class="virtualpage">
		<ul class="menu">
			<li class="actionitem">
				<a href="javascript:;" data-action="create">Create</a>
			</li>
		</ul>
	</div>
	<div class="virtualpage">
		<div class="formitem">
			<form class="createform">
				<input type="text">
				<button>Save</button>
				<button data-action="cancel">Cancel</button>
			</form>
		</div>	
	</div>
</div>
}}}

